feat(apple): Add docs for swizzleClassNameExcludes (#10992)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/apple/common/configuration/swizzling.mdx

    options.enableSwizzling = NO;
}];
```

> ## Skip Swizzling for Specific Classes
> 
> To skip swizzling specific classes, you can use the option `swizzleClassNameExcludes`, which is available with Sentry Cocoa SDK version `8.23.0` and above. The SDK checks if the class name of a class to swizzle contains a class name of this option. For example, if you add MyUIViewController to this list, the Sentry Cocoa SDK excludes the following classes from swizzling:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Deactivate Swizzling for Specific Classes

To deactivate swizzling for specific classes, you can use the option `swizzleClassNameExcludes`, which is available with Sentry Cocoa SDK version `8.23.0` and above. The SDK checks if the name of a class it intends to swizzle contains any class name configured using this option. For example, if you add `MyUIViewController` to this list, the Sentry Cocoa SDK excludes the following classes from swizzling:
```
